[Verse 1]A long, long time ago,I can still remember going outside used to make me smile.And I knew if I had my chance,That I could learn to wash my handsAnd maybe they’d be germ free for a while.But February hit on WuhanWorse than just a crazy flu can.Bad news on the doorstepPlease do not take one more step.I can’t remember if I criedWhen they cancelled every Disney ridePlease don’t touch me, stay insideThese days we all must hide[Chorus]So bye, bye Miss American LifeNo more school and no more Broadway and it’s making me cryAnd them pretty brides aren’t drinking champagne so dryEverybody must now stay inside.Everybody must stay inside.[Verse 2]Did you buy tickets for a showBecause now you can not goAnd they won’t hold it anywayNow do you want to see rock ‘n roll?Can music save your mortal soul?And you hear the radio instead?[Pre-chorus]Well I know you feel bad for Tom HanksOne of the best in Los Angele’s ranksPrince Charles is not immuneLet’s hope they get well soon.And for each lonely teenage girl and boyWho must stay home with little joyYour parents can not provide your toysThese days we all must hide[Chorus]We were singing bye, bye Miss American LifeNo more school and no more Broadway and it’s making me cryAnd them pretty brides aren’t drinking champagne so dryEverybody must stay inside.Everybody must stay inside.[Verse 3]How much toilet paper do you own?To buy more, please take out a loanBut that’s not how it used to beWhen the shopper found shelves not so leanAnd Lysol was more easily seenPurell was there for you and me[Pre-chorus]Oh, and while we all were out in townThe virus sadly made it roundsThe courtrooms were adjournedNo verdicts were returned And while Congress helped to make a markThe towns and Cities closed their parksAnd we watched Netflix in the darkThese days we stay inside.[Chorus]We were singingBye, bye Miss American LifeNo more school and no more Broadway and it’s making me cryAnd them pretty brides aren’t drinking champagne so dryBecause everyone must not go outside. Everyone must stay inside.[Verse 4]Helter skelter bring the summer swelterDoes Corona die or just take shelterHundreds of thousands and growing fastWill it land foul upon the grassHow many weeks till this is pastWith the virus on the sidelines in a cast[Pre-chorus]Now the country’s air lacks sweet perfumeStock markets crash and then resumeWe all just lost our cashOh, the markets fell too fastAnd the NBA won’t play their ballWe won’t see players til next fallDo you recall goin’ to the mallBefore we stayed inside[Chorus]We started singingBye, bye Miss American LifeNo more school and no more Broadway and it’s making me cryAnd them pretty brides aren’t drinking champagne so dryEverybody must stay inside.Everybody must stay inside.[Verse 5]Here we are not in one placeAll generations slowing down their paceWith lots of time to clean the denSo come on, back to family, back real quickI hope your loved ones won’t get sickBecause contact is Corona’s only friend.[Pre-chorus]Oh, and as I read the newspaper pageMy hands were clenched in fists of rageCould vaccines keep us well?Could it break this virus hell?And as the cases climb high it gives us frightWill all our parents be alright?We’ve just begun to fight the fightWe all must stay inside.[Chorus]We were singingBye, bye Miss American LifeNo more school and no more Broadway and it’s making me cryAnd them pretty brides aren’t drinking champagne so dryEverybody must stay inside.Everybody must stay inside.[Verse 6]I met a girl who sang the bluesAnd I asked her for some happy newsBut she just smiled and turned awayI went down to the grocery storeHand sanitizer, wipes, and moreThe cashier there said the shelves weren’t stocked today[Pre-chorus]And in the streets, no children screamedNo lovers cried no poets dreamedBut lots of words were spokenOn social media they were hopingAnd the seniors we admire mostThe ones who will not read this postProtect them all from coast to coastThese days we all must hide.[Chorus]And we were singingBye, bye Miss American LifeNo more school and no more Broadway and it’s making me cryAnd them pretty brides aren’t drinking champagne so dryEverybody must stay inside.Everybody must stay inside.