[Intro: Nicki Minaj. Spoken word]
Yeah, you know it
Mmm, this the remix
Doja, rrr

[Chorus]
Day to night to morning, keep with me in the moment
I'd let you had I known it, why don't you say so?
Didn't even notice, no punches left to roll with
You got to keep me focused; you want it? Say so

[Verse 1: Nicki Minaj]
Every time I take a break, the game be so boring
Pretty like Naomi, Cassie, plus Lauren
Spitting like Weezy, Foxy, plus Lauryn
Ball like the Rams, see, now that's Gordon
They don't understand the bag talk, I'm foreign
When they think they top the queen, they start falling
Word to my ass-shots, I'm so cheeky
Got them trying to palm my ass like young Keke
Yes, I'm ghetto, word to Geppetto
Plus I'm little, where's my stiletto?
Tell Mike Jordan send me my Retros
Used to be bi, but now I'm just hetero
I am not talking medicine, but I made him more a fiend
Ever since I put the cookie on quarantine
He know this thing A1 like a felony
All he got to do is say the word like a spelling bee

[Chorus]
Day to night to morning, keep with me in the moment
I'd let you had I known it, why don't you say so?
Didn't even notice, no punches left to roll with
You got to keep me focused; you want it? Say so, Yeah

[Verse 2]
Let me check my chest, my breath right quick, ha
He has not ever seen it in a dress like this, ah
He has not ever even been impressed like this
Probably why I got him quiet on the set like zip
Like it, love it, need it, bad
Take it, own it, steal it, fast
Boy, stop playing, grab my ass
Why you acting like you shy? Hot
Shut it, save it, keep it pushing
Why you beating around the bush?
Knowing you want all this woman
Never knock it until you try, yah, yah
All of them bitches hating I have you with me
All of my niggas saying you mad committed
Realer than anybody you had, and pretty
All of the body, the ass and titties

[Chorus]
Day to night to morning, keep with me in the moment
I'd let you had I known it, why don't you say so?
Didn't even notice, no punches left to roll with
You got to keep me focused; you want it? Say so
Day to night to morning, keep with me in the moment
I'd let you had I known it, why don't you say so?
Didn't even notice, no punches left to roll with
You got to keep me focused; you want it? Say so

[Post-Chorus]
Yeah, you know it
Yeah, you know it
Yeah, you know it
Yeah, you know it

[Outro]
You coulda said so
Boy, you shoulda said so
Say so, say so
I got dressed just to sit in the house
People with the least always doing the most
I'm counting money while he sucking my toes
Real nasty with them balls, all net, yeah, I'm gross
Why you talking about who body fake?
With all them fillers in your face, you just full of hate
That real ass ain't keep your nigga home
Now you looking silly, that's word to silicone