[Spoken words]Oh my husband and I are making the most of this time.We’re going on walks together, and we’re having deep, meaningful conversations about the future. Well, my daughter and I are having cooking classes. We’re just going straight through the book, and I am teaching her how to make all of Meemaw’s famous recipes. That’s wonderful. How are things going for you? Yeah. [Verse 1] I guess I should be happy My kids are saft and sound at home with me Sure, I’m putting Benadryl in their mac and cheese For quiet times at three And even though my husband thinks that it’s a sign That I’m solving all my problems with a glass of wine I’m fine, we’re fine, everything’s fine[Verse 2]I’m trying to be patient, but work from home is not what I’d endorse Sure, by the time that this is over My firm might want to switch into divorce And any judge would rule my kids are in contempt of count ‘Cause my business calls have all become a contract sport I’m fine, one, we’re fine, two, everything’s fine[Spoken words]You know I’m gonna have to call you back Okay, so I saw on Facebook that this whole pandemic is because of the five-generation network Oh my god, they’re canceling everything. I mean like, my wedding is like, totally an essential business. Bless your heart. Now you all stay safe, and social distance, but I’m gonna see you all at church on Sunday. Bye, bye. God bless. [Verse 3]I guess I should be worried My body temperature is now at one hundred-three I’ll just walk it off at Costco without a mask or glovesAnd then we’ll see Yeah, I know I should be quarantined until it’s through But I’ll pop a Tylenol and throw a barbecue I’m fine, so fine, I’m fine [Verse 4]I guess I should be thankful my calendar’s clearThat job was just the worst My stimulus should get here Just in time for rent December first And even though I’ve gained a solid nine-teen pounds ‘Cause banana bread appears when your bananas go brown I’m fine, I’m fine, everything’s fine[Spoken words]Oh, the brownies are done. [Bridge]My roommate’s boyfriend’s nice, but still I may have caused a fire drill For twenty minutes by myself They both can go to hell [chorus]We’re all in this together I never thought I’d cut my husband’s hair, oh shit Oh shitBut now we’re all forgetting what day it is or wearing underwear He’s free balling I know that things are bad But really, here’s the thing At least we’ve got our Wireless Fidelity, booze and Tiger KingIt’s fine, fine, fine, fine It’s gonna be fine, fine, fine, fine Everything is mother fucking fine [Spoken words]Baby, looks like school’s canceled till twenty twenty-three. 